Removed a comment, inserted a comma. (#65)
oetiker/lshort: src/spec.tex

  standalone,
}

\TeX{} and \LaTeX{} were primarily designed for creating text documents, and
that is where they shine. Still, it is also possible to use them for creating

> presentations. These lack fancy animations and transitions---they are just
> %$ 'lack fancy animations' - not entirely true, with some effort and JavaScript.
> %$ animation package: https://ctan.org/pkg/animate
> %$ and: https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/22412/beamer-transition-effect
> cleverly set up PDF files, after all. But on the plus side, you will be able to
> tap into the strengths of \LaTeX{} such as logical markup, mathematical
> typesetting and all the typesetting magic provided by the various \LaTeX{}
> extension packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
presentations. In presentations created with \LaTeX{} you will be able to
use all the \LaTeX{} features such as logical markup, mathematical
typesetting and all the typesetting magic you are acustomed too. While these presentations
are just PDF files, you may be amazed what is possible with the
PDF in this respect.
```

\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}

> %$ Should this be \pai{beamer}?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\end{frame} %!hide
\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}

> %$ Previously just said 'Beamer' here. Changed for consistency with section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\pai{beamer} redefines many \pai{amsmath}\footnote{\pai{amsmath} is loaded
  automatically by \cli{beamer}.} environments, including \ei{theorem} and
\ei{proof}, to also produce blocks.

You will find that most of the \LaTeX{} commands and environments, such as

> \cs{ref}s or \env{itemize}, work just as expected with \cli{beamer}. A notable %$ \pai instead of \cli?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\cs{ref}s or \env{itemize}, work just as expected with \cli{beamer}. A notable
```

\pai{beamer} to support them. Refer to its User Guide~\cite{pack:beamer} for
more examples.

> %$ 'not shown at all' untrue; does get shown eventually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\end{frame}
\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}

> %$ No mention any of 'the other possible arguments' besides 'dynamic'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}
The full list of available themes can be viewed

> at reference~\cite{AnotherBeamerThemeMatrix}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at reference~\citetitle{AnotherBeamerThemeMatrix}.
```

\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}

%$ earlier: 'slides are a slightly different concept in beamer'.
%$ Slides are rendered onto 4 : 3 ..., but not just slides.
By default, \pai{beamer} typesets onto \(4 : 3\) aspect-ratio pages. If the
%$ not 'it'; could refer to changing the projector
projector uses some other aspect ratio, you may prefer to match. You
may do so, by passing an \cargv{aspectratio} to the \cs{documentclass} options.
It accepts a single integer that encodes the desired ratio. For example,
\cargv{169} is interpreted as \(16:9\), while \cargv{54} is interpreted as

> \(5:4\). Wider ratios are especially useful if you want to include a sidebar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\(5:4\). Wider ratios are especially useful if you want to incorporate a sidebar
```

> with the table of contents on your slides. %$ 'include' and 'on', or 'incorporate' and 'into'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the table of contents into your slides.
```

\end{frame}
\end{document}
\end{example}
This mode is also useful while creating a presentation, as it previews the
frames as a whole without uncovering effects.

%$ Suggest a review of this paragraph, for clarity.
Internally, handout generation is accomplished by using overlay specifications
with modes. %$ We haven't really talked about 'modes', is this a formal term?
The default mode is \cargv{beamer}, while the \cargv{handout} option

> switches to \cargv{handout} mode. %$ repetition (of previous paragraph)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
switches to \cargv{handout} mode.
```

> You can specify modes explicitly within %$ an?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify modes explicitly within an
```

\end{frame}
\end{document}
\end{example}

> Often you will want to show some parts only in one mode; to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often you will want to show some parts only in one mode --- to provide
```

additional commentary in handouts, or to hide things that only make sense
during the presentation. This is easily achieved by using a special zeroth

> slide that is not included in the compiled document. An example of doing so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slide that is not included in the rendered document. An example of doing so
```

is presented in \autoref{lst:zero_slides}.
%$ Careful here: the slide is not included in the compiled (should that be
%$ rendered?) document, but it _is_ included when _compiling_ the document.
%$ In this example, the slide is omitted from the final PDF, but the graphic
%$ file still needs to exist because the frame is still processed by beamer.
%$\begin{frame}<0>
%$\begin{tikzpicture}[remember picture,overlay]
%$\node[at=(current page.center)]
%$	{\includegraphics[width=0.95\paperwidth]{this_still_needs_to_exist.pdf}};
%$\end{tikzpicture}
%$\end{frame}
%$ (end of example)
\begin{listing}
  \begin{example}[
    template=empty,

>     vertical_mode,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vertical_pages,
```

    in handout.}\label{lst:zero_slides}
\end{listing}
\endgroup

> %$ Will this listing not fit side-by-side?
> %$ It occupies an entire A4 page in its current form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Handouts created in this way still use the slide structure---titles, lots of
empty space, and bright colours.
As an alternative, the \cargv{article} mode will typeset the document in a
fashion similar to a regular article. Due to the more pronounced differences
between layouts, this may require more tweaking than the \cargv{handout} mode,
but the result will often be much more suitable for a printed handout.

> %$ Strictly speaking, this is a LaTeX article with some beamer definitions.
> %$ Don't know that it's accurate to call this a 'beamer mode'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}

> %$ Paragraph needs some work; unclear what is being said.
> %$ You only get the <mode> slides when producing output of <mode>?
> Because the overlay specification is often used to provide contents for a
> single mode, there exist another way of specifying it for that purpose---if you
> provide only the mode name, this will be the same as setting all other modes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the overlay specification is often used to provide contents for a
single mode, there exists a short cut: f you
provide only the mode name, this will be the same as setting all other modes to
```

\end{frame}
\end{document} %!hide
\end{example}

%$ Realising this is not the comprehensive guide to LaTeX, here's a few titbits
%$ that may or may not be useful and within scope:

%$ To use the default theme, but without navigation symbols (in the preamble):
%$ \beamertemplatenavigationsymbolsempty
%$ No mention of how to disable these in the section.

%$ The default font, Computer Modern, font does not support italicised sans-
%$ serif fonts (at least, not in bold or semi-bold anyway, but I think in
%$ general). This means all your emphasised text renders in Roman upright,
%$ same as everything else. The Latin Modern font does support emphasised
%$ sans serif. In the preamble again:

> %$ \usepackage{lmodern}

Author: Was unaware of that; thanks (still in pdftex and plain-old latex, here). Re: semi-bold condensed; I should have mentioned most of my presentations take place within corporate settings these days, meaning short vivid bullet points. For lectures and handouts, yes, you'd more likely stick with the default fonts. Apologies.
